unless you've been living under a rock
you'd have noticed the shift towards
larger smartphones with ever-increasing
features along with superb screen sizes
one-handed operation is slowly fading
away although thanks to one company uses
no longer need to make that sacrifice
with a rather simple if ingenious
solution it's called the Frey grip
gravity having large screen size it is
fantastic but the need for something to
assist with not dropping your rather
expensive investment is on the rise into
the fly grip gravity available in
various sizes the unit has been
developed over the past two years
resulting in this latest version this
gravity version is built using a
stronger plastic a magnetic locking
mechanism and is easy to open and close
while incorporating a built-in kickstand
let's take a closer look within the
package users receive the fly grip
gravity itself along with a user guide a
sterile cleaning pad and extra adhesive
sticker and some optional foam inserts
used for a tighter fit if required
available in a large range of colors and
designs as well as a personalization
option like I have here the fly grip
gravity is primarily plastic in
construction incredibly lightweight and
is ergonomically shaped like a plastic H
a hinged design allows easy opening and
closing of the device a spring holds the
device open and a built-in magnet holds
the device closed when not in use the
idea behind the fly grip gravity is that
it attaches to the back of your hands at
or tablet allowing two fingers to slip
through in order to hold your device
users simply remove the backing paper
and stick the fly grip to the rear of
their handset or tablet although the
biggest question that comes up is where
the users are willing to attach
something extra to the back of their
device which will essentially draw away
from the beautifully designed
smartphones available nowadays fear not
though since fly grip include a free
complimentary case for your handset with
every purchase and it's a pretty good
quality case at that the smartphone sits
securely within the case with easy
button access a full wraparound design
as well as some nice grip on the edges
as a free case it's rather good in terms
of quality nevertheless the fly grip
gravity can now be safely attached it's
a good idea to give it a few hours for a
secure bond after which it's ready to
use with the fly grip attached the unit
can be expanded allowing two fingers to
slide into place users are then able to
text like mad on a crowded train and not
have to worry about someone bumping your
device out of your grasp and I have to
admit it actually works fantastically
well a handset sits securely on your
fingers allowing you to stretch your
hand without dropping the smartphone
better still since the fly grip allows
your device to be secured on your
fingertips not in the palm of your hand
it allows for a much greater range of
motion for your thumb providing the
ability to reach further across and
cover more of the screen allowing easier
one-handed operation when the unit is
not being used the front bar simply sits
back into the rear bar and locked
securely into place thanks to that
built-in magnet which is strong enough
to securely hold the unit together
although allowing it to be pulled out
with ease when the need arises although
it does add some thickness to the
handset around a quarter of an inch to
be exact the benefits filed weigh the
extra thickness tenfold and once you get
used to using the device it pretty much
becomes a non-issue as an added benefit
users are able to use a fly grip as a
kickstand for those longer movie
watching sessions a flower grip gravity
although simple in design and
construction allows seamless one-handed
operation without the fear of dropping
your smartphone or tablet and it works
seriously well it's a device you really
need to experience to realize the
benefits it brings making the entire
smartphone easy to use single-handed
while providing that extra security
should you be bumped in that crowded
area just shy of thirty dollars the fly
grip doesn't come cheap although that
free good-quality complimentary case is
included within the package and the
range of colors and designs including a
personalization option provide the
ability to create a unique one-off
design after a while of using gates
you'll wonder how you ever coped without
it a simple yet highly useful item for
those with larger smartphones or tablets